Updated thermal camera tutorial: include varying temperature objects (#79)
ignitionrobotics/ign-sensors: tutorials/03_thermal_camera.md

Since this tutorial will show how to use a thermal camera sensor in Ignition Gazebo, you'll need to have Ignition Gazebo installed.
We recommend installing all Ignition libraries, using version Citadel or newer (the thermal camera is not available in Ignition versions prior to Citadel).

> If you'd like to use the thermal camera's heat signature capabilities, you'll need to use at least Ignition Dome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to use the thermal camera's heat signature capability, which supports objects with a variable surface temperature, then you'll need to use at least Ignition Dome.
```

Author: https://github.com/ignitionrobotics/ign-sensors/pull/79/commits/2c53bffa31eb3014499439cbdae9d5902fbd37ab

Now that we have set up our thermal camera, we'll need to assign temperatures to models in the environment.

> If a model doesn't have a temperature associated with it, then the thermal camera cannot detect it.

Reviewer 2: new behavior in Dome:

```
If a model doesn't have a temperature associated with it, then it will be assigned the ambient temperature. There will some variation in their temperature based on color.
```

> If a model doesn't have a temperature associated with it, then the thermal camera cannot detect it.

Author: https://github.com/ignitionrobotics/ign-sensors/pull/79/commits/fadf90b08ccb974c40e841bda92a5601ce2666b5

Once the thermal system plugin is specified, all we need to do is include the `<temperature>` element, which specifies the model's temperature in Kelvin.

### Objects with a varying temperature

> Most of the time, objects have a varying temperature.

Reviewer 3: Maybe it's just me, but the first time I read this I assumed it meant "time-varying". Maybe it's worth clarifying from the first sentence that it's varying across the surface.

Author: I tried to clarify the surface assumption in https://github.com/ignitionrobotics/ign-sensors/pull/79/commits/e888166b05cb0301b7933eb8d7458f36e2262f6c

The heat signature is a texture that can be applied to a model, which specifies the model's temperature across its surface.

If we take a look at rescue randy's `model.sdf`, we can see that it incorporates the thermal system plugin, just like the uniform temperature box example above:

```xml
        <plugin
          filename="ignition-gazebo-thermal-system"
          name="ignition::gazebo::systems::Thermal">
          <heat_signature>https://fuel.ignitionrobotics.org/1.0/openrobotics/models/rescue randy heat signature/2/files/materials/textures/RescueRandy_Thermal.png</heat_signature>
          <min_temp>0</min_temp>
          <max_temp>655.35</max_temp>
        </plugin>
```

There are a few differences to note for objects with a varying surface temperature:
* `<heat_signature>`: The path to the heat signature texture.
This can either be an [Ignition Fuel](https://ignitionrobotics.org/libs/fuel_tools) URI, or a path to a file that is on your machine locally.
If using paths to local files, be sure to use absolute paths.
* `<min_temp>`: The minimum temperature that should be represented by the heat signature.

> For this example, the temperature units are in Kelvin.

Reviewer: In the `ign-rendering` code I think I saw the shade code assume values are in Kelvin. I think we should directly state that the units are Kelvin and not leave it up to interpretation.

You can also mention that the default value is 0K.

Author: Units and default have been added in https://github.com/ignitionrobotics/ign-sensors/pull/79/commits/2c53bffa31eb3014499439cbdae9d5902fbd37ab

* `<max_temp>`: The maximum temperature that should be represented by the heat signature.

> 655.35 is the maximum value for a 16-bit thermal camera with a 10mK linear resolution.

Reviewer: Add units.

Author: Added in https://github.com/ignitionrobotics/ign-sensors/pull/79/commits/2c53bffa31eb3014499439cbdae9d5902fbd37ab

@image html files/thermal_camera/thermal_camera_demo.png

The window in the top-left corner shows the thermal camera's output.
Taking a look at the [SDF file](https://github.com/ignitionrobotics/ign-gazebo/blob/46adfe54af6aa0828f9d38da9fd578da22f2a0eb/examples/worlds/thermal_camera.sdf) for this example shows that the shapes were assigned the following temperatures:
* sphere: 600 Kelvin
* box: 200 Kelvin
* cylinder: 400 Kelvin

If we take a look at the rescue randy and samsung J8 [fuel models](https://app.ignitionrobotics.org/dashboard), we see that they each have the following temperature range:
* 0 Kelvin minimum

> * 655.35 Kelvin maximum

Reviewer 2: I'm thinking we should provide more realistic values for the models on Fuel to set an example for others to follow, e.g. I imagine the rescue randy may have a temperature range from room temperature to human body temperature.

Author: Updated models with realistic temperatures are being used in https://github.com/ignitionrobotics/ign-sensors/pull/79/commits/2c53bffa31eb3014499439cbdae9d5902fbd37ab
